fix: Resources route (#340)
lenra-io/application-runner: README.md

### Prerequisites

You can run Application Runner itself, but it is generally built as a library and needs a Phoenix parent application to access all functionalities: 

You will first need to start two databases, postgres and mongo.

> command at the root of this project or running by hand the docker commands like so :

Reviewer: You should add the docker-compose way to start both databases. Do not remove the basic docker way, but let it in second place.

Author: In this project we don't have docker-compose to start both databases but only to start mongo, so I say in the mongo part that we can start it with docker-compose or with commands.

Reviewer: You should add postres in the docker-compose. It's easier to use

* Start PostgreSQL with Docker `docker run --restart always -p 5432:5432 --name lenra-postgres -e POSTGRES_DB=lenra_dev -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=postgres -d postgres`
* Start MongoDB with Docker `docker compose up` or
  - `docker run --restart always -p 27017:27017 --name lenra-mongo -e MONGO_INITDB_DATABASE=test -e CONFIG='{"_id" : "rs0", "members" : [{"_id" : 0,"host" : "mongodb:27017"}]}' -d mongo:5 mongod --replSet rs0`

You will then need to install and setup elixir prerequisites for the application_runner to run properly :

> * Install erlang in version 24.2 and elixir in version 1.12.3 otp-24

Reviewer: Isn't the needed elixir version 1.13 ?

> * Install erlang in version 24.2 and elixir in version 1.12.3 otp-24

Author: ```suggestion
* Install erlang in version 24.2 and elixir in version 1.13 otp-24
```

> * Create the database and start migration `mix setup`. This is equivalent to running the following commands : 

Reviewer: `mix setup` does not work. I have this issue: `** (Mix) The task "setup" could not be found`

Reviewer: See issue: https://github.com/lenra-io/application-runner/issues/344

  * `mix deps.get` to install the dependencies
  * `mix ecto.create` to create database
  * `mix ecto.migrate` to start all migration and have an up-to-date database

>   * `mix run priv/repo/seeds.exs` to fill database with default values

Reviewer: I don't think that there is seeds in this project

Reviewer: See https://github.com/lenra-io/application-runner/issues/345
